how to get a list of Tenants?
how to get a list of EPGs?
how to get a list of path bindings?
how to find a list of VPC paired devices?
how to find the fabric TEP address pool?
how to get the fabric-wide settings?
how to get a list of LLDP neighbor mapping?
how to get a list of vpc policy groups?
how to get a list of interface link speed policies?
how to find the current fabric healthscore?
how to find a list of unregistered devices?
how to get a list of leafs and spines along with serial numbers and models?
how to find a list of interfaces that are admin down?
how to get a list of EPGs with preferred group member enabled?
how to get a list of path bindings in VLAN 132?
how to get a list of static path bindings tagged with VLAN 123?
how to get a list of path bindings between vlan 100 and 200?
how to get a list of static path bindings with mode 802.1P ?
how to get a list of contracts and associated filters, exclude any contracts named "default"?
how to get all BDs with unicast routing disabled in Tenant common?
how to find all changes made to bridge domain demo_bd since 2023-12-20?
how to find all changes made to bridge domain demo_bd in Tenant demo since 2023-12-20?
how to find how many critical faults there are in the fabric?
how to get a list of configration related faults in Tenant demo, ordered by severity with critical being at the top?
how to get a list of path bindings in EPG epg_vlan0001 in tenant demo?
how to get a list of path bindings tagged with VLAN 133?
how to find the total number of configuration changes created between 2023-12-20 and 2023-12-31?
how to get a list of network interfaces with egress traffic utilization spikes above 1 Gbps in a 15 minute interval, between the time of 2024-01-14 9 AM and 2024-01-16 6 PM?
how to get a list of interface profiles and port selectors that are using access policy group "phys_bm"?
how to get a list of access and VPC policy groups that uses the "lldp_enabled" interface policy?
how to get a list of EPGs associated with "vcenter_home" VMM domain? ( relationship class of VMM domains is child of an EPG class )
how to get a list of EPGs that contains a physical domain deployed with on-demand setting? ( relationship class of Physical domains is child of an EPG class )
how to get a list of path bindings modified between 2023-12-20 and 2023-12-30 configured by user named admin?
how to find all the EPGs that contains the physical domain named "phys"? ( relationship class of Physical domains is child of an EPG class )
how to get a list of BDs associated with vrf demo_vrf? ( relationship class of BD is child of an EPG class )
how to get a list of BDs associated with vrf demo_vrf in Tenant demo?
how to find all the BDs associated with l3out demo_l3out?
how to get a list of port selectors using VPC policy group "vpc_int03_bm"?
how to find all the consumers and providers of contract "demo_dns_contract"? (hint: consumers and providers refers to EPGs, contracts that are associated with EPGs have a relationship defined and are part of the EPGs children class )
how to get a list of EPGs associated with BD demo_bd?
how to get a list VLAN pools uses the encap range of 100 - 200?
how to get a list of L3out, physical and VMM domains along with the associated AEPs and VLAN pool?